Identify Your Next 10 Customers
---------------------------------------------------------
This is for expanding the business in the future -- avoid hyperfocusing on ONLY your Persona

List 10 High Potential Customers that fit the End User Profile & are (generally) well represented by the Persona
Get feedback from them, refine the model, and take the next steps

We are removing assumptions by testing all the hypothesis we made in the last few steps 

HOW TO
1. List MORE than 10 potential customers + their market research (Should be similar to each other + the Persona)

2. Contact each 'potential' and step through the 
Full Life Cycle Use Case + High Level Product Specification + Quantified Value Proposition

3. IF the customer does validate your hypothesis, THEN ask if they'd be _interested_ in buying

//This is important, not sure how to synthesize it
"now is a good time to ask the customer if they would consider providing a letter of intent to buy your solution, once it is available.
You are still in “inquiry” mode, so you are asking, “If a company were to offer this product, would
you be interested in purchasing it?” rather than “Will you buy this product?” If they are extremely
enthusiastic, you can even ask them to prepay for the product, which is a fantastic level of
commitment. Before you take their money, however, make sure you can deliver what they want and
also make sure there are no special conditions in their purchase order that you cannot or do not want
to be expected to meet."
//This is important, not sure how to synthesize it

4. IF the customer does NOT validate your hypothesis, THEN take their notes down + make tweaks to model (One off things don't matter compared to patterns of disconnect)

5. Iterate over your earlier assumptions + keep contacting customers until satisfactory

If you can't realistically create a list of 10 customers that are EXCITED for the High Level Product Specification -- RECONSIDER your beachhead market

This work is EXTREMELY VALUABLE for the company, keep it close, and keep it secret
