Mission: $100,000 in annual recurring revenue

Step 1: What is the unmet need?
The unmet & unknown need is:
Avoding the common prototype pitfalls that sinks an IoT technology before it's even off the ground

Target Market -- 

1.  Does the customer(s) have enough money to sustain a business?
        Early stage customers DO NOT have enough money to sustain a business, it may help to look at a different segment
        I think a better target are investor funded / revenue achieving IoT companies
2.  Can you find the target customer nearby?
        LinkedIn would be the sales + onboarding channel -- NO Travel for another year
3.  Will the customer choose you over the status quo?
        Currently, the status quo is struggling along all by themselves for a long time, and repeating the same common mistakes unique to IoT products
        The status quo is NOT changing their behavior,and proceeding along the existing lines
4.  Can you deliver an entire solution, not just a piece?
        Currently, with the help of RIOT as a platform, I can help deliver industry connections, and critical industry standards expertise
        What IoT companies need, whether they know it or not, is an embedded systems engineer, and applications developer all in one.  I can deliver that for them.
        The service I promise to deliver is the entire IoT product development cycle
5.  Is there strong competition that could hold or block you?
        As far as I know, I am creating a market for this niche, I have not identified any competition in the niche market I operate in.
        commonplace right now, there still is not as much activity or attention compared to AI/Machine learning / Web / Mobile Development
6.  Can you expand to other (market) segments by winning this one?
        The direction I want to take this is by creating, and delivering a complete IoT solution and company.
        Part of the strategy behind this move is to learn about the most common pitfalls behind creating an IoT product, 
            and avoiding it for the company I want to build with Sam Foster.
